c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\bin\x86\Debug\Task.winmd
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\bin\x86\Debug\Task.pdb
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\bin\x86\Debug\Task.pri
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.winmd
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.pdb
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.winmdobj
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.compile.pdb
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\jsuarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BackgroundTask\Task\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\bin\x86\Debug\Task.winmd
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\bin\x86\Debug\Task.pdb
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\bin\x86\Debug\Task.pri
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.winmd
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.pdb
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.winmdobj
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\Task.compile.pdb
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\javie\Documents\Events\Talk4Kids 2015\Ejemplos\03. Background Task\Task\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
