c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.CrossCore.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.CrossCore.Droid.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Binding.Droid.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.Android.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\HelloMVVMCross.Android.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\splashscreen.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\firstview.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\splashstyle.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splash.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMVVMCross\HelloMVVMCross.Android\bin\Debug\HelloMVVMCross.dll.mdb
